Re-split OpenSearch indices per service (#158)
suitenumerique/find: docs/architecture.md

+------------------+                  +------------------+
| docs service     | -- /index/ -->   | find-docs        |
+------------------+                  +------------------+
| drive service    | -- /index/ -->   | find-drive       |
+------------------+                  +------------------+
| wiki service     | -- /index/ -->   | find-wiki        |
+------------------+                  +------------------+
                                              |
                                              | fan-out across
                                              | all active indices
                                              |
Users (OIDC token auth)                       v
+------------------+                  +------------------+
| OIDC user        | -- /search/ -->  | find-docs        |
|                  |                  | find-drive       |
|                  | -- /delete/ -->  | find-wiki        |
+------------------+                  +------------------+
```

**Services cannot search. Only users (OIDC tokens) can search and delete.**

- `/index/` accepts service bearer tokens (`ServiceTokenAuthentication`). Each service writes
  exclusively to its own index.

> - `/search/` and `/delete/` accept OIDC user tokens (`ResourceServerAuthentication`). Queries

Author: `/delete/` is only for the service doing the indexing!!

```suggestion
- `/index/` and `/delete/` accepts service bearer tokens (`ServiceTokenAuthentication`). Each service writes
  exclusively to its own index.
- `/search/` accepts OIDC user tokens (`ResourceServerAuthentication`). Queries
```

Author: Addressed: `docs/architecture.md` now states `/delete/` accepts service bearer tokens and each service deletes exclusively from its own index; `/search/` is the only OIDC-only endpoint.
